1) What where your expectations and were they met?
Going into this course I did not have a lot of expectations, but I was really surprised on how it turned out. It was an amazing experience both from the pedagogical point of view, mixing two different approaches to the study of nuclei, and it was a great opportunity to meet other PhD's around the world.

2) Was the course useful?
I think the course was really useful to all the components of our group in different ways probably, since we had different backgrounds. I personally really enjoyed the opportunity to have an overlook on both experiments and theory.

3) What is your overall experience?
I really enjoyed the time spent in ECT* and also the evening-time. It was a great occasion to share experiences and study some aspects of nuclei. I think courses like this make us better physicists.

4) Daily workload
The workload was as much as it should be when considering working in groups. However there was not enough time to solve all excercises and computational project individually. Therefore it turns out that some students worked more on NushellX and some on the computational project. Although this is natuarlly inevitable personaly I would prefer working on everything to learn all the topics. I would have also liked to have more time to read the suggested articles in the course. Although perhaps this should be done after finishing the course.

5) Interactions with instructors
The interactions were very good. All intructors were inviting to ask questions and always seemed to be avialable. They also answered all my questions in a satisfactory manner.

6) Content of lectures
The content was very interesting. I would be happy if we could also learn some more on double-beta decay, however there is a limit to how much one can learn in a single intensive course as this one.

7) Pedagogical quality of lectures
I would prefer using the black board in Alex Brown's lectures. While this method usually consumes more time, it can be more rigorous and further details can be discussed. The content of the book is very interesting, the chosen topics are very important and well explained. I believe it could be used as an excellent supplamentary for his lectures.

8) Interest and relevance of exercises
Everything was relevant and interesting.

9) Level of exercises
The level was adequate and the collection of exercises was very complete, it gave a good overview of the material.

10) Interest and relevance of computational projects
The projects were really interesting and exciting. I would say they were very relevant. 

11) Level of computational projects
The level was adequate. Some were quite demanding, but some challenges are always necessary and overall things worked well. The only thing I think was an issue is the actual amount of work. If one wanted to work on writing the code for the projects, it was nearly impossible to devote time to go deeply into NuShellX and vice versa. I think the plan should be slightly modified, or the amount of work reduced so that all members can equally contribute to the programming projects and other activities.

12) Interactions with fellow students
I think we are all very happy about this part and spent some great weeks together.  

13) The working environment at the ECT
The house and location was absolutely amazing, who could imagine that we where going to do nuclear physics in a 17-century Italian villa with an amazing view over the Trento valley. Besides that the teachers and the local administration made the whole stay even more pleasurable.

14) Living accommodations
The stay in Villazzano and Locanda Canonica was really good, close to ECT* and easy to get to down town Trento. The accommodations in Povo looked like they where good too, (maybe someone that actually lived in Povo can write something here)


15) Other topics you think are useful to mention
It was a bit sad that not all participants could stay at the same accommodations, that made it so that at least I felt that there where two separate groups even though we tried to synchronize our of hour activities, at the end of the day it still felt a bit awkward.


16) Would you attend other Talent courses and would you recommend colleagues and fellow students to attend?
Absolutely, I would definitely attend other Talent courses, and also recommend colleagues and fellow students to attend. For anyone that wants to continue with a professional scientific career meeting their potential future international colleagues is a very good opportunity to form professional as well as private relations. Beyond that the subjects of the courses are very enlightening and important for a continued journey through Nuclear physics.
